#2.0.0 - Dev Notes - 14/09/2014



###Update

So, I've had a think about how we can do this to be more in-keeping with the delegate pattern used widely in objective-c. 

- We need to define a common agnostic interface to 'collection' views. This will provide methods for accessing bounds, child items, etc.
- Because most UIKit data-components delegate out data source access (e.g. UITableView does not 'know' about its datasource, its UITableViewDataSource does) we just do the same.
- Therefore, every 'collection' but be provided with a 'drag data source'
- This will be realised in a `I3CollectionView` protocol that will have an instance of `I3DraggableDataSource`.
- We will also provide categories for the `UITableView` and `UICollectionView` that implement the `I3CollectionView` protocol for convenience.
- This solution allows us to completely abstract away specifcs about the collection view (e.g. it could be a `UITableView`, it could be a custom `UIView`, it could be a `UIToolbar` containing `UIBarButton`s, etc.)

###Update 2

- Considering, instead of emitting notifications on renderable event, just calling a renderer-deletegate. 
- There is only going to be 1 renderer so this makes sense.
- __Problem__ how do we _actually_ render collections that have specific rendering methods like `UITableView`'s `reloadData`, etc..? We may have to delegate this out to the `I3Collection`.


###TODO

- Memory profiling. Think about retain cycles (should the set of collections be made of weak references?)
- Add a note to the `I3DragDataSource` that these methods should _just_ be used to update the data. Updating the user interface will be done separately by the rendering (not 100% sure how this is going to work yet)