#2.0.0 - Dev Notes - 13/09/2014

This is a rough draft of how I'm going to approach the refactor...


- `I3GestureCoordinator`: drag and drop coordination (business logic - the core)

	- This class will calculate the 'state' of the dragging and emit notifications containing that state whenever significant (renderable) events occur.
	
	- Holds a reference to main `UIGestureRecognizer`. If not injected one is created anyway.
		
	- Holds references to the `I3DragArena`. Must be injected.
	
	- Becomes the entry point for routing: attaches a listener to the `UIGestureRecognizer` that it listens to and then delegates to the draggables in the `I3DragArena`.
		
	- This pushes notifications:
		
		- A `drag` is initiated.
		
		- A `drag` ends.
		
		- `dragging` is in progress.
	
		- A `drag` is initiated on a draggable that ends in a point outside all other draggables.
		
		- A `drag` is initiated outside of any draggable
. It will emit event for these so that a decoupled `I3GestureRenderer` class can render the state of the dragging.


- `I3GestureRenderer`: drag and drop rendering (deals with displaying and animating the various dragging views)

	- Configured to listen to `I3GestureCoordinator`'s notifications

	- Does not contain a reference to the `I3DragArena`, `I3Draggable`s etc. It relies purely on the notifications from the `I3GestureCoordinator` to retrieve these.
	
	- Does hold a reference to the a `UIView` instance, derivative from the instance provided by `I3Draggable`'s `dragging view` call, that is currently used for dragging.


- `I3DragArena`: a simple class that represents a collection of draggable collections in the same space
	
	- Holds a set of `I3Draggable`s
	
	- Holds a `superview`. This is the parent view within-which all the `I3Draggable`s are contained.

	
- `I3Draggable`: a view that provides data about individual drag/drop collections.

	- This is an interface via which the data about a draggable collection can be retrieved so that the state of dragging can be calculated and rendered. 

	- Typically this will be implemented by a custom `UITableView` or `UICollectionView`, however because the actual type of the 'collection' will be abstracted away from the coordination and rendering logic, we could in theory implement this for any custom `UIView` that we want to have draggable properties.

	- It must be implemented to provide data to the `I3GestureCoordinator` about specific dragging/dropping/rearranging configuration. For this, it should respond to the follow abstract protocol: 

		- `bounds`: what are the draggable's bounds? I.e. within which coordinates can drags be initiated and end to be considered delegateable to this instance? what are the draggable's items' bounds?
	
		- `rearrangeabillity`: is it rearrangeable? What areas are rearrangeable?

		- `dropabillity`: can this be dropped on this draggable? Where can they be dropped? Can this draggable recieve drops from a another specific draggable?

		- `dragabillity`: can this be dragged? Where can it be dragged?

	- It must also be implemented to return information about how this view should be rendered for the `I3GestureRendered`:

		- `dragging view`: one of its `subview`s (treated as a child-item of the collection) for a given set of coords to be cloned, rendered etc
		
		- `hide dragging item`: should the original item of the collection that's being dragged be hidden?
		
		- I feel that we should introduce a new property of draggables called `priority`. If I drop on 2 overlapping views, which one actually recieves the drop? Could we configure both of them to recieve the drop? This should also apply to starting a drag as well as ending a drag.


__Problem__: We need a means for the actual container (e.g UITableView) to actually listen to data changes caused be rearranging and update the data source. Also an issue at the moment is that this assumes that container of a draggable and the data for items given items will be contained in the same class. We would have to make it clear that a 'Draggable' class for each relation should be built… ? Food for thought.


###Dependencies and coupling:

- `I3DragArena`

	- Coupled to: `I3Draggable`, `UIView`

- `I3Draggable`

	- Coupled to: `UIView`

- `I3GestureRenderer` 
	
	- Coupled to: `I3DragArena`, `I3Draggable`, `UIView` (animation, etc)

- `I3GestureCoordinator`

	- Coupled to: `I3DragArena`, `I3Draggable`, `UIGestureRecognizer`



We will see how it goes. I think there's still a way to go before we have a nice, logic, extensible design.